Create initial contents for new onnxruntime-swift-package-manager repo (#1)
microsoft/onnxruntime-swift-package-manager: README.md

> # ONNXRuntime Swift Package Manager

Reviewer: the name seems a bit odd to me. maybe "ONNX Runtime for Swift Package Manager"?

I feel similarly about the repo name, but I'm not sure how easy it is to change that. another idea for that is "onnxruntime-swift".

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with 'ONNX Runtime' 

Not so fine with 'onnxruntime-swift' as this is specifically for consumption by the Swift Package Manage (vs. say a cocoapod with Swift bindings).

> A light-weight [ONNXRuntime](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime) repository for hosting [Swift Package Manager(SPM)](https://www.swift.org/package-manager/) support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A light-weight repository for providing [Swift Package Manager (SPM)](https://www.swift.org/package-manager/) support for [ONNXRuntime](https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime). The ONNX Runtime native package is included as a binary dependency of the SPM package.
```

SPM is the alternative to CocoaPods when desired platform to consume is mobile iOS.

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: I think we should also document (here or in another readme) what parts of this repo are copied from ORT and expected to match, and how to update them.

on a semi-related note, we could have a CI build which ensures that those files copied from ORT match the source.
